_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi! I’m Zihan, a third-year Ph.D. student at [University of Washington](https://www.washington.edu/), Seattle, advised by Prof. [Paul Kinahan](https://rad.uw.edu/people/kinahan) (IEEE Life Fellow, FAAPM, FSNMMI, FAIMBE). I received my Master degree from the [Department of Computer Science](https://cs.illinois.edu/), [UIUC](https://illinois.edu/) in 2023. 

My research focuses on the Multimodal Large Language Model including the vision-language model and medical image analysis. I am committed to helping doctors or researchers carry out quantitative analysis and treatment planning for tissues and organs of the human body by combining AI with medical images. I am currently a member of the [AAPM-MIDRC](https://www.aapm.org/org/structure/default.asp?committee_code=MIDRC) subcommittee and [MIDRC/CRP-12](https://www.midrc.org/midrc-collaborating-research-projects/project-one-crp12), dedicated to determining medical image data quality, provenance, and harmonization.

<!--**Actively looking for 2024 Summer Internship, I'd be delighted to engage in further conversation if you are interested.**-->

Recent News
======
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Aug 2025] Our work [VisionUnite](https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.02865) is accepted by [IEEE TPAMI](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=34).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [May 2025] Our work [STPNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/2504.01561) is accepted by [IEEE TIP](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/topAccessedArticles.jsp?punumber=83).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Mar 2025] Awarded the [Mortar Board Alumni/Tolo Foundation’s Ayers Scholarship](https://www.mortarboardtolo.org/about/).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Jan 2025] One abstract is accepted by SIIM 2025 as [Oral Presentation](https://annualmeeting.siim.org/sessions/data-matters-harmonization-and-improved-data-sources-scientific-research-abstracts/).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Dec 2024] Our work [ICTC](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.07850) is accepted by [ICASSP 2025](https://2025.ieeeicassp.org/).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Oct 2024] One [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.16967) is accepted by [Medical Physics](https://aapm.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/24734209/journal-metrics).
* [Aug 2024] One [paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10643360) is accepted by [IEEE Transactions on Fuzzy Systems](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=91).
* [May 2024] Our work [RAOS](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.13674) is early accepted by [MICCAI 2024](https://conferences.miccai.org/2024/en/).
* [Apr 2024] One [paper](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC11097892/) is accepted by [Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer](https://jitc.bmj.com/).
* [Feb 2024] Our work [ScribFormer](https://github.com/HUANGLIZI/ScribFormer) is accepted by [IEEE TMI](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=42).
* [Aug 2023] Our work [ScribbleVC](https://github.com/HUANGLIZI/ScribbleVC) is accepted by [ACM MM 2023](https://www.acmmm2023.org/).
* [July 2023] One paper [NeRCo](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.11722) is accepted by [ICCV 2023](https://iccv2023.thecvf.com/).
* [June 2023] Our work [LViT](https://github.com/HUANGLIZI/LViT) is accepted by [IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging (TMI)](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=42).
* [May 2023] We release the first Medical LLM [ChatDoctor](https://github.com/kent0n-li/chatdoctor) and its [huggingface repo](https://huggingface.co/zl111/ChatDoctor).
* [May 2023] Two papers ([SwinMM](https://github.com/UCSC-VLAA/SwinMM), [CorSegRec](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-031-43898-1_64)) are accepted by [MICCAI 2023](https://conferences.miccai.org/2023/en/) as Oral Presentation.
<!-- * [May 2023] One paper [DTDF-HFF](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10145798) is accepted by [IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems (TNNLS)](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=5962385). -->
<!-- * [May 2023] Awarded the Conference Presentation Award for Graduate Students by UIUC! -->
<!-- * [February 2023] Our Work [C2FVL](https://github.com/HUANGLIZI/C2FVL) is accepted by [ICASSP 2023](https://2023.ieeeicassp.org/).-->

My work and research
======
My current works focus on multimodal learning, including natural language and radiology reports. At the same time, I pay attention to the corner case datasets to alleviate AI Underrepresentation in the medical field. I have participated in multiple internships in both academia and industry. I have worked as a research intern at the [University of Cambridge](https://www.cam.ac.uk/), [Johns Hopkins University](https://www.jhu.edu/), and [Peking University](https://english.pku.edu.cn/), as well as at [Siemens Healthineers](https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/), [Alibaba DAMO Academy](https://damo.alibaba.com/?lang=en) and [Shanghai AI Laboratory](https://www.shlab.org.cn/). I have worked closely with several respected professors including Prof. [Alan L. Yuille](https://www.cs.jhu.edu/~ayuille/), Prof. [Pietro Liò](https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~pl219/), Prof. [Dinggang Shen](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=v6VYQC8AAAAJ&hl=EN), Prof. [Jie Tian](http://www.mitk.net.cn/tian/), Prof. [Yu Qiao](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=gFtI-8QAAAAJ), Dr. [Ali Kamen](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=j41ocikAAAAJ&hl=en) and Dr. [Le Lu](https://www.cs.jhu.edu/~lelu/).

My background and history
======
I am pursuing my Ph.D. degree from [University of Washington](https://www.washington.edu/) and I received Master Degree from [University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC)](https://illinois.edu/) and received Bachelor Degree from [Xiamen University](https://en.xmu.edu.cn/main.htm).

<div align="center">
    <div align="center">
        This Site Already Has  
            <small><a href="https://www.easycounter.com/">
            <img src="https://www.easycounter.com/counter.php?zl111"
            border="0" alt="stats counter"></a></small> 
         Visitors
    </div>

  
    <div align="center" style="width:20%">
        <script type="text/javascript" id="clstr_globe" src="//clustrmaps.com/globe.js?d=upmXbXnNXcHG93dNQSaEeA-QWfIoIc0MhdJhI9oRRcE"></script>
    </div>
</div>

Commit message:

Update about.md with collaboration invitation

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi! I’m Zihan, a third-year Ph.D. student at [University of Washington](https://www.washington.edu/), Seattle, advised by Prof. [Paul Kinahan](https://rad.uw.edu/people/kinahan) (IEEE Life Fellow, FAAPM, FSNMMI, FAIMBE). I received my Master degree from the [Department of Computer Science](https://cs.illinois.edu/), [UIUC](https://illinois.edu/) in 2023. 

My research focuses on the Multimodal Large Language Model including the vision-language model and medical image analysis. I am committed to helping doctors or researchers carry out quantitative analysis and treatment planning for tissues and organs of the human body by combining AI with medical images. I am currently a member of the [AAPM-MIDRC](https://www.aapm.org/org/structure/default.asp?committee_code=MIDRC) subcommittee and [MIDRC/CRP-12](https://www.midrc.org/midrc-collaborating-research-projects/project-one-crp12), dedicated to determining medical image data quality, provenance, and harmonization.

Open to future collaboration on Foundation Models including VLMs and Large-scale Data Harmonization, I'd be delighted to engage in further conversation.

<!--**Actively looking for 2024 Summer Internship, I'd be delighted to engage in further conversation if you are interested.**-->

Recent News
======
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Aug 2025] Our work [VisionUnite](https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.02865) is accepted by [IEEE TPAMI](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=34).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [May 2025] Our work [STPNet](https://arxiv.org/abs/2504.01561) is accepted by [IEEE TIP](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/topAccessedArticles.jsp?punumber=83).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Mar 2025] Awarded the [Mortar Board Alumni/Tolo Foundation’s Ayers Scholarship](https://www.mortarboardtolo.org/about/).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Jan 2025] One abstract is accepted by SIIM 2025 as [Oral Presentation](https://annualmeeting.siim.org/sessions/data-matters-harmonization-and-improved-data-sources-scientific-research-abstracts/).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Dec 2024] Our work [ICTC](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.07850) is accepted by [ICASSP 2025](https://2025.ieeeicassp.org/).
* <span class='emoji'>🔥</span> [Oct 2024] One [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.16967) is accepted by [Medical Physics](https://aapm.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/24734209/journal-metrics).
* [Aug 2024] One [paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10643360) is accepted by [IEEE Transactions on Fuzzy Systems](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=91).
* [May 2024] Our work [RAOS](https://arxiv.org/abs/2406.13674) is early accepted by [MICCAI 2024](https://conferences.miccai.org/2024/en/).
* [Apr 2024] One [paper](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC11097892/) is accepted by [Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer](https://jitc.bmj.com/).
* [Feb 2024] Our work [ScribFormer](https://github.com/HUANGLIZI/ScribFormer) is accepted by [IEEE TMI](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=42).
* [Aug 2023] Our work [ScribbleVC](https://github.com/HUANGLIZI/ScribbleVC) is accepted by [ACM MM 2023](https://www.acmmm2023.org/).
* [July 2023] One paper [NeRCo](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.11722) is accepted by [ICCV 2023](https://iccv2023.thecvf.com/).
* [June 2023] Our work [LViT](https://github.com/HUANGLIZI/LViT) is accepted by [IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging (TMI)](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=42).
* [May 2023] We release the first Medical LLM [ChatDoctor](https://github.com/kent0n-li/chatdoctor) and its [huggingface repo](https://huggingface.co/zl111/ChatDoctor).
* [May 2023] Two papers ([SwinMM](https://github.com/UCSC-VLAA/SwinMM), [CorSegRec](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-031-43898-1_64)) are accepted by [MICCAI 2023](https://conferences.miccai.org/2023/en/) as Oral Presentation.
<!-- * [May 2023] One paper [DTDF-HFF](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10145798) is accepted by [IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems (TNNLS)](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=5962385). -->
<!-- * [May 2023] Awarded the Conference Presentation Award for Graduate Students by UIUC! -->
<!-- * [February 2023] Our Work [C2FVL](https://github.com/HUANGLIZI/C2FVL) is accepted by [ICASSP 2023](https://2023.ieeeicassp.org/).-->

My work and research
======
My current works focus on multimodal learning, including natural language and radiology reports. At the same time, I pay attention to the corner case datasets to alleviate AI Underrepresentation in the medical field. I have participated in multiple internships in both academia and industry. I have worked as a research intern at the [University of Cambridge](https://www.cam.ac.uk/), [Johns Hopkins University](https://www.jhu.edu/), and [Peking University](https://english.pku.edu.cn/), as well as at [Siemens Healthineers](https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/), [Alibaba DAMO Academy](https://damo.alibaba.com/?lang=en) and [Shanghai AI Laboratory](https://www.shlab.org.cn/). I have worked closely with several respected professors including Prof. [Alan L. Yuille](https://www.cs.jhu.edu/~ayuille/), Prof. [Pietro Liò](https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~pl219/), Prof. [Dinggang Shen](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=v6VYQC8AAAAJ&hl=EN), Prof. [Jie Tian](http://www.mitk.net.cn/tian/), Prof. [Yu Qiao](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=gFtI-8QAAAAJ), Dr. [Ali Kamen](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=j41ocikAAAAJ&hl=en) and Dr. [Le Lu](https://www.cs.jhu.edu/~lelu/).

My background and history
======
I am pursuing my Ph.D. degree from [University of Washington](https://www.washington.edu/) and I received Master Degree from [University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC)](https://illinois.edu/) and received Bachelor Degree from [Xiamen University](https://en.xmu.edu.cn/main.htm).

<div align="center">
    <div align="center">
        This Site Already Has  
            <small><a href="https://www.easycounter.com/">
            <img src="https://www.easycounter.com/counter.php?zl111"
            border="0" alt="stats counter"></a></small> 
         Visitors
    </div>

  
    <div align="center" style="width:20%">
        <script type="text/javascript" id="clstr_globe" src="//clustrmaps.com/globe.js?d=upmXbXnNXcHG93dNQSaEeA-QWfIoIc0MhdJhI9oRRcE"></script>
    </div>
</div>
